---
id: 27_March_2019
title: 27 March 2019 Release
sidebar_label: 27 March 2019
---


OST Platform enables businesses with millions of users to easily integrate blockchain Brand Tokens tokens into their apps without requiring any in-house blockchain development. 

This release, [27 March 2019](https://platform.ost.com), is the first full release of the OST Platform and includes all of the core features and APIs needed to integrate and deploy Brand Tokens to end-users in production (on mainnet). Most notably, while earlier releases enabled developers to run test transactions, this is the first release that contains end user wallets via the OST Wallet SDK, as well as Sandbox and Production modes to toggle between testing and deploying Brand Tokens. 

OST Platform March 27 2019 release follows 18 months of development and customer input on how to make blockchain technologies user-friendly, including several rounds of alpha testing involving thousands of developers. OST Platform has also undergone extensive security audits and testing leading up to this release. 

## Some of the key features of OST Platform include:
* Create Brand Tokens and easily integrate them into any app. SaaS dashboards for economy setup. APIs and SDKs to easily integrate your Brand Tokens into mobile apps.
* Sandbox and Production modes. Integrate and test in Sandbox. Move to Production when ready to launch to end users.
* Streamlined UX for token economy design and deployment.
* Run transactions on highly scalable, low-cost, sidechains.
* Support for multiple admins.
* The OST Wallet SDK to fully integrate Brand Tokens into apps and enable seamless end-user transactions.
* User wallet recovery with PIN + smart contract.  

## Improvements over prior versions include:

### API first
The OST Platform APIs are now more full featured and support all the primary economy management functionality such as user management, adding and removing rules, setting up transactions, powering end-user wallets, and more. Please refer to https://dev.ost.com for our Developers resources.


### Seamless Key Management
The OST Platform leverages on the advancement of the OpenST Protocol to support key-management solutions (via the Wallet SDK) that enables the integration of non-custodial crypto-currency wallets into mainstream mobile applications, without encumbering the user experience.


### Usability is Key
Across the board, we’ve optimized for a simpler, more seamless user experience: whether it is the use of sessionKeys that make in-app transactions seamless, or the delayedRecoveryModule which enables the users to recover access to their wallets with a 6 digit PIN.

### From The Team
While this release is a big milestone in our development, it's still the beginning of the beginning of the beginning. We have an ambitious roadmap of features to add over the coming months and years to make OST Platform the essential toolkit for powering the future of brand loyalty. We look forward to your feedback.